Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Oh! Hey.
What? I think she
got my wallet. Yeah.
Hey!
Thief. stop! Stop her!
Pss-pss.
Oh. come on. Tom.
it wasn't that bad.
Oh. no? Childish drivel.
Well. the acting was fine
and the music was lovely.
What about you. Bruce?
Sorry. Mom. I agree with
Dad. It was kind of lame.
There's no such word as kind of.
- It was totally lame.
- You two are so judgmental.
- What's up. folks?
- Stay calm. Bruce.
Give me your money.
No problem.
We're cooperating.
The necklace.
It's okay.
Easy.
Mom? Mom?
Dad? Dad!
Dad.
No!
Sit down.
- Don't move.
- Don't touch my face.
Ease up! MAN 2: Shut up.
I need my pills.
- I need my pills.
- You wish.
Come on. where are my pills?
Back. back. Come on.
Where are my pills?
- Give me my pills. bitch.
- Hold your fire!
Hold your fire! I got this!
Hold your fire.
Easy. easy.
Sir. look at me. Not
at them. look at me.
My name's Jim. Jim Gordon.
What's yours?
I need my pills.
Everything's gonna be all right.
Look at me.
I got your pills right here.
Huh? You want some pills?
Want some pills? All right.
Here you go. here you go. Here
are some pills for you. all right?
These aren't my pills.
Sorry. guys. didn't mean
to bark at you like that.
I got a little bit carried away.
- Get up here.
Hey. come on. Take it easy.
- Come on. hey. guys.
- Hey.
What the hell are you doing?
- We had the drop on him.
- Well. he's dropped. isn't he?
You could have gotten
hurt. Rookie mistake.
Next time. shoot
the son-of-a-bitch.
If I shoot. that
sets everybody off.
Gunfire every which way.
Somebody takes a
cop's gun. you shoot him.
- That's basic. SERGEANT:
Bullock. Gordon. you're up.
Double homicide.
Theater District.
Give me a break.
Shift's nearly over.
Yeah. nearly.
Oh. the legendary Harvey
Bullock. No rest for the wicked. eh?
Tannenbaum. looking crisp.
This is my new partner.
James Gordon. What we got?
Just got here myself.
Male. female. gunshot.
Their kid saw the whole thing.
Poor bastard hasn't
spoke a word yet.
My name's James Gordon.
I'm a detective.
What's your name?
It's okay. You
don't have to talk.
Listen. T. do me a favor.
You didn't see me. okay?
I see you right in front of
me. What's your problem?
That's Thomas and Martha Wayne.
I don't need that hassle. Call Major
Crimes. they'd love to have this.
Yeah. but they're not here.
And your partner's
talking to the witness.
So that makes it your case.
Bruce.
My name is Bruce Wayne.
Can you tell me what
happened. Bruce?
When I was about your
age. a drunk driver hit our car.
Killed my dad. I
was right next to him.
I know how you feel right now.
And I promise you. however dark
and scary the world might be right now...
there will be light.
There will be light. Bruce.
We just got out of the movies.
We were walking through the
alley to catch an uptown cab...
and a man came
out of the shadows.
He was tall with a black mask.
He had a hat and gloves...
and shiny shoes.
He took my dad's wallet
and my mom's necklace.
And then he shot
them for no reason.
I should have done
something. But I was too scared.
There was nothing you could
have done to stop what happened.
But there is something
you can do now.
You can be strong.
Be strong.
I promise you. I will
find the man who did this.
Hey. who the hell is that?
James Gordon.
Alfred Pennyworth.
We're gonna get the
guy that did this. sir.
New boy. are you?
You could say.
Good luck. mate. Come.
Don't look. head up. eyes
front. Don't let them see you cry.
Shouldn't we be there
when they move the victims?
Why?
Listen. hotshot. do me a favor.
Don't start talking to
witnesses until I say so.
- What's your problem?
- My problem. soldier boy...
you just caught us a
gigantic flaming ball of crap.
Oh. yeah? How's that?
You never heard of
Thomas and Martha Wayne?
Yeah. sure. The
Wayne Foundation.
Yeah. two of the richest and
most powerful people in Gotham.
You can't even imagine the
pressure if we don't close this quick.
- So let's close it quick.
- Yeah. right.
This is a random
street robbery. Holmes.
Perp could be any one
of 10.000 mopes out there.
Oh. crap.
Order up.
Well. well. well. if it
isn't Montoya and Allen.
Major Crimes Unit.
- This is my new partner. Jim Gordon.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hi. Harvey.
- You're on the Waynes. huh?
- It's a terrible thing.
- Yeah.
- Any leads?
- Just getting started.
I'll be straight.
You want us to take
it off your hands?
- No. no. no.
- Hold on. rook.
Why you want it?
You got a lead?
No. we just need
the press action.
I don't know.
Come on. You know
you're scared of this case.
- I'm scared.
- So do the right thing for once.
For once? Where the hell do
you get the nerve to say that to me?
- You can kiss my ass.
- Okay. you be that way. brother.
We're just trying
to be collegial.
You know. I almost gave it to you.
But you couldn't help yourselves.
You had to go and
be disrespectful.
Okay. Harvey.
Stay frosty.
Good luck.
Self-righteous
do-gooding skell huggers.
Always badmouthing us like
they're such freaking angels. Please.
As mayor of this great city...
I swear to you. the perpetrators of
this heinous crime will be captured...
and will be punished to the
fullest extent. I swear that to you.
Poor bastard. First a
crime wave. and now this.
Take all the people
and resources you need.
Just close this case.
Yes. captain.
Jim. will you give us a minute?
Captain.
The answer is no.
- Teach him the ropes.
- On a weak case?
- Yes.
- Do you want me to change his diapers?
He'll get me killed. I don't care.
I can't go out there with him.
She said you had
to keep me. huh?
Yeah. She did.
She said you're a war hero.
And your daddy was a big-shot
DA back in the olden days.
So I have to keep my
trap shut and do as I'm told.
Ouch.
Listen. kid. You got juice. do
me a favor. ask for a transfer.
Yeah. no.
Sorry. this is where the
action is. You'll get used to me.
Jim. you seem like a nice guy.
But this is not a city
or a job for nice guys.
You understand?
- No.
- And that's your problem.
You're a cynic. A slovenly.
lackadaisical cynic.
You're probably right.
Okay. soldier boy...
let's go roust some muggers.
Lackadaisical. Hmm.
Hey.
How you doing?
Guess what this is.
Just tell me. Ed. I want
riddles. I'll read the funny pages.
It's a .45 caliber 300
grain cupronickel wadcutter.
Came out of Thomas
Wayne's chest.
- That's a six dollar bullet.
- Uh-huh.
- What kind of gun...?
- Ah-ah-ah. Don't ask. just tell.
It's from a pistol not known by
our database. No prints either.
What else you got?
What's nowhere but everywhere
except where something is?
Nothing?
You need professional
help. Nygma. Seriously.
Let's go.
So I'm thinking. our
man wears shiny shoes...
uses high-end ammo. and nobody
on the street knows who he is?
Maybe he's not from the street.
Like. a debonair playboy
robber does it for kicks?
Who would pretend to
be a street robber. huh?
A professional killer. or somebody with
a personal grudge against the Waynes.
How'd this professional know the
Waynes would come down that alley?
Good question.
Essen said we don't catch a break
in the first 48. go see Fish Mooney.
- Fish Mooney? Works for Carmine Falcone?
- Her. Theater district's her turf.
Anything happens
there. she hears about it.
Why didn't we come to her first?
She's kind of a last resort.
Tell Fish I'm here.
Hmm.
Unh! FISH: I still
care for you deeply.
But I don't believe that
you care for me anymore.
I care for you.
Then where's my money?
I'll get it. I'll get it.
Boy.
Sorry.
If you let this hair
go frizzy. you will be.
Ma'am. Detective
Bullock is here.
- Keep him warm.
- Yes. ma'am
Hey. Oswald. you want a turn?
- May I?
- Knock yourself out. kid.
Thank you. Mr. Gilzean.
- Harvey. Ha. ha.
- Fish.
Where have you been?
Where haven't I been?
- Who's the friend?
- Detective James Gordon. ma'am.
Hmm. Well. aren't
you a cool glass of milk.
Ma'am. was that screaming
we heard back there?
Yes. My boys are
watching a scary movie.
- Really.
- No.
Actually. one of my staff has
been stealing money from me.
So we're beating his punk ass.
Relax. junior. Fish
gets some leeway.
Her staff are rough
characters. need firm handling.
So this isn't a
social visit. then.
Unfortunately not. Brass sent me by
to talk to you about the Wayne murders.
Terrible thing.
Junior. if you're worried. go back there
and see if anyone wants to press charges.
- If that's okay with you. Fish.
- Oh. I don't mind at all. Harvey.
- Oswald. whoa.
- Yeah. take it easy. Penguin.
You know I don't
like to be called that.
Ooh. Scary.
How's everybody doing?
Who are you?
James Gordon. G.C.P.D.
Oh. you came with Harvey. huh?
Glad to know you.
James. I'm Butch Gilzean.
Drop the bat.
Oh. come on. now.
Oswald and Raul here were just
having a little fun. weren't you. boys?
- All in fun.
- No problem. Fun.
You're a new guy. huh?
How do you like Gotham so far?
Well enough.
See you around.
Oh. hey.
Everything all right back there?
It's always good
to see you. Harvey.
And look at you and
your excellent suit.
You know. I'm so happy you don't
have to wear that silly uniform anymore.
- You told me it looked good.
- I lied.
- You ready to rock and roll?
- Uh...
Barbara. I'm beat.
Do we really have
to go to this thing?
No. of course not.
- Thank you.
- You owe me.
So talk to me.
We're getting nowhere
on the Wayne case.
I made a promise to Bruce
Wayne. and I can't deliver.
But you will.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm out of my depth.
Hey. I very much doubt
you are out of your depth.
But even if you are. you
know how to swim. don't you?
Yes. I do.
So swim.
I'll swim. You're right.
Are you hungry?
I'm all right. I had a few dogs.
When I'm Mrs. Gordon and
you're living here all the time...
I'm gonna put you on
a proper healthy diet.
Mm-hm.
I've got a lead. Meet me at
Fourth and Grundy in an hour.
On my way.
Hey.
You all right?
Couple drinks. I'll be fine.
Bullock...
Fish Mooney heard from one of her
fences a guy tried to sell him an antique.
Four strand pearl necklace with
gold settings. one strand broken.
- Like Martha Wayne was wearing.
- Mm.
Guy's name is Mario Pepper.
Career street thug. Long sheet for robbery.
assault. rape. extortion. drug dealing.
Nice guy.
Hi.
- What's your name?
- Ivy.
Ivy. is daddy home?
You don't wanna talk to daddy.
Why's that. Ivy?
He's mean.
Hey. who is it?
Mario Pepper. we need to talk.
I've done nothing.
So it'll be a pleasant talk.
Where were you last
Saturday around 9:30?
I was here at home
with my family.
That's right. He was here.
A pearl necklace sound familiar?
No.
Then I guess you don't mind we.
uh. take a look around the place.
You need a warrant.
You're a felon on parole.
All we need is reasonable cause.
Stop! Stop or I'll shoot!
Out of the way!
Thanks.
What kind of guy
wouldn't do that?
Probable? I had to.
We got him.
Mario Pepper was framed
by Fish Mooney and the cops.
I saw Ms. Mooney with
Martha Wayne's necklace.
She was discussing how to get it into
Pepper's home. inside a bag of drugs.
This was shortly after she met
with Detectives Bullock and Gordon...
from the homicide squad.
Mooney works with
Carmine Falcone's mob.
You saying Falcone
had the Waynes killed?
- I'm just telling you what I saw.
- Why snitch on your own boss?
I confess. that poor orphan
boy pricked my conscience.
No.
You wanna push Fish out. huh?
That's beside the point.
I've done my civic duty.
Good day to you both.
You kept your promise.
Thank you.
I'm sorry you
didn't see a trial.
That's okay.
Renee. long time.
Yeah.
Sorry to drop by
unexpected like this.
How have you been?
I'm good.
- You?
- All good.
You're running an
art gallery now. right?
- Yeah.
- That's so cool.
And I'm engaged.
Yeah.
James Gordon. huh?
- That's why I'm here.
- Oh?
The G.C.P.D. framed Mario
Pepper for the murder of the Waynes.
- What?
- They framed and killed an innocent man.
And you're here to tell me
that James was in on this?
- Yes.
- And what's your proof?
I can't tell you.
but it's the truth.
James Gordon is not a good guy.
You deserve better.
James Gordon is the most
honest man I've ever met.
He's not capable of doing that.
- You sure you know what he's capable of?
- Yes. I know him.
Does he know you?
Don't.
Like I know you?
Here you are.
Barbara. what's wrong?
Did you frame Mario Pepper?
- No.
- I knew it.
- Who told you?
- Doesn't matter. as long as it's not true.
- It's not. Who told you it was?
- Nobody.
Bee. I know when you're lying.
Montoya.
What's your evidence
that Pepper was framed?
I was wrong to reveal
that information to Barbara.
- We're old friends.
- I asked what evidence you have.
You'll see the evidence when we get you
and your crooked friends into a courtroom.
We're working on it.
Save your energy.
If Pepper was
framed. I'll find out.
Hey. you got a
problem here. Gordon?
And then you and you just
need to stay out of my way.
Mrs. Pepper - Go away.
Ma'am. if your husband was
innocent. you need to talk to me.
If your husband didn't kill the Waynes.
how'd he come to have the necklace?
You bastards planted it on him?
Bastards.
Alice. how would the
police have the necklace?
We didn't kill the Waynes.
- So you say.
God knows my husband had his
demons. but he never killed nobody.
Can I see his shoes?
Shoes?
- This is all of them?
- Uh-huh.
Damn.
Framed? How you
figure? You were there.
We framed him?
Somebody could've planted
the necklace on Pepper.
- Mooney could've set the whole thing up.
- Why?
To cover up for the real killer.
Mooney works for Falcone.
Maybe Falcone wanted
the Waynes killed.
Wait. wait. wait.
Why would such a nutty
idea even enter your head?
Montoya from MCU.
That pill-head looney-bird?
What's her proof?
- Wouldn't tell me. Didn't trust me.
- She doesn't have any.
If they did. they'd
have used it.
Pepper didn't wear shiny shoes.
He didn't own any shiny shoes.
Shiny shoes. Mother of God.
Shiny shoes. Just suppose for a
moment. just suppose Pepper was innocent.
I killed him.
- We killed him.
We'd lose our jobs
at the very least.
The case is closed.
Forget about it.
Even if the real killers
are still out there?
Yes.
This is very perilous
stuff you're messing with.
Listen to me for once. Jim.
Forget about it.
Detective Gordon.
Tell Mooney I'm here.
- Regarding what. shall I say?
- Mario Pepper.
Mario...
- May I ask why?
- No.
No. Yes. Heh.
None of my business.
James Gordon. How nice.
The day I met you. when I was
out back there with your boys...
what did you and
Harvey talk about?
Shouldn't you ask Harvey?
He's your partner.
- I'm afraid he might lie.
- Hmm.
He might. And you
think I'll tell you the truth?
You just did.
James. wait.
You have a little
danger in your eye.
I wonder what you
plan to do with that.
You'll have to wait and see.
I hate surprises.
Detective Bullock?
Miss Kean.
Um. James went for a walk last
night. and he never came back.
Have you heard from him?
I'm really worried about him.
He's on a stake-out.
Yeah. his phone probably
ran out of juice. is all.
Oh.
Right. well. that's a relief.
- Thank you.
- No problem.
Wait. wait. wait.
Shut up.
Hey. what are you doing?
Over here. you'll get a better angle.
- What?
- You're a director now?
- Don't get fresh. I'm just saying.
Hey. Butch.
Harvey.
Who told you we'd be here?
Everybody knows this is
where you take your problems.
- That's my partner you got there.
- Ex-partner.
Oh.
Let me talk to Fish.
I'm not afraid of death
so much as I am of dying.
I. um. wanna die how my father
died. peacefully. in his sleep.
Not like his screaming.
terrified. passengers.
- Yeah? BUTCH: Bullock
showed up at the plant.
- Wants to talk to you.
- Put him on. Give me a moment. kid.
You're doing good.
- Fish?
- Speaking.
Don't be like that.
Listen. you gotta let my boy go.
- How long we been friends?
- For a long time. Until today.
I did a big favor for
you and your pals...
and now it's gonna blow up in my
face on account of your stupidity.
The kid's not your problem.
He was hipped to the frame by Major
Crimes. they'll be coming after you.
- How did they get onto me?
- The usual way. I guess.
Somebody talked.
Huh. Not one of my people.
That's what everybody says.
- True.
- Listen. you gotta let my boy go. Hmm?
You kill my partner. I
gotta come after you.
I don't wanna do it. but
how am I gonna look...
you kill my partner. I
don't make a move?
All right.
But promise me that you'll
keep him under control.
- I promise.
- Cool.
Put Butch on. please.
Yeah. boss.
That son-of-a-bitch just threatened
me. You hang him up with his partner.
You got it.
Hey. how you doing?
I'm good. We're going home.
Yeah?
I'm just glad everything
could work out...
Cops.
Bless your heart.
Would you be a sweet
boy and rub my feet?
Give me a moment. darling.
I haven't forgotten you.
I like you. You're funny.
Now. this amateur
nonsense is a good sign.
There used to be
some discipline.
Falcone is getting old and soft.
It's time.
Somebody has to take
over. it might as well be me.
Yes. it might as well.
And you? You're like a son
to me. You know that. Oswald?
I feel that way also.
Which is what I
don't understand.
After all I've done for you...
and right when I'm on the verge
of great things. you betray me?
Why would you
betray your mother?
I don't know what you mean.
It was you.
You snitched to the MCU.
You wanna know how I know?
Because only you saw me
with the pearls. no one else.
It was Gilzean.
He's the snitch.
No.
- Gilzean is loyal.
- So am I.
I would open a vein right here
and now if you asked me to.
Go on. then.
Open one.
I. uh... I was
speaking poetically.
Prove it.
Prove your loyalty.
my little Penguin.
Please. Miss
Mooney. Please. don't.
You broke my heart!
Are we rolling?
How you doing?
Been better.
Thanks for trying to help.
Wish I hadn't.
- Did you just slap my hand?
- Hey. Butch!
Save your breath.
If it was up to me. you'd get a bullet
in the head and a decent funeral.
But Fish has her ways.
Yo. Franky! Showtime.
Don Falcone.
Forgive me. young man. I
forget what your name is.
Or perhaps I never knew it.
Gilzean. sir.
Gilzean.
Tell Miss Mooney
she's too impetuous.
If she wants to kill policemen.
she has to ask permission.
Yes. sir.
There are rules.
Cut them down.
That's right. there are rules.
It's good to meet
you at last. James.
I knew your father very well.
The best DA this city ever had.
He and I understood each other.
There was respect.
Friendship. even.
Friendship?
Trust me. that's the only
reason you're alive now.
Blood doesn't lie. I know that when
you leave here. you'll do the right thing.
I will.
I'll tell what I know.
Which is what?
I know that you own the police
department. probably the mayor too.
And I was sure that you
had the Waynes killed.
But if you did. you wouldn't
risk letting me live. would you?
Then again. how did Fish Mooney
come to have Martha Wayne's necklace?
- A replica?
- Yes.
But if you didn't have them
killed. why frame Mario Pepper?
Or are you covering
up for somebody else?
Who knows who killed the Waynes.
Some lowlife.
We needed a culprit
before the funeral.
Pepper was sacrificed so that the people
of Gotham would see swift justice done.
So they can feel
safe and secure.
- And that matters so much to you.
- Of course.
I'm a businessman.
You can't have organized
crime without law and order.
I love this city. and
I see it going to hell.
But I won't let it fall
apart without a fight.
You make a life of
crime sound very noble.
You have a hard head.
James. just like your father.
Don't be self-righteous.
Don't be arrogant.
You want me to keep
quiet about all this.
Gotham is on a knife edge.
What do you suppose bringing down
city hall and the police force will do?
Even if you could.
Would it make things better?
- Lookit. Jim.
- I'm listening.
I wasn't being honest with you.
But you weren't
ready for the truth.
You didn't tell me because
you were ashamed.
Why are we stopping here?
No. please.
Please. I beg of you.
Shut up!
This is the fool that snitched
to Montoya and Allen.
Falcone wants you to walk him to the end
of that pier and put a bullet in his head.
Then everybody knows
you're with the program.
And if I don't?
Then I'm supposed to
take you out and him too.
Here's the thing.
Jim. I like you.
I might not have the
stomach to do it. but I'll try.
Because if I don't. someone
will get to you quick enough.
Then they're gonna get to
me. probably Barbara as well.
Who knows what you told her.
- I told her nothing.
- You think Falcone cares?
- Come on. you've killed people before.
- That was war!
This is war! We're at war
with scumbags like him.
Sometimes in a war. you gotta
do a bad thing to do good. right?
So. do you do this bad thing. or
do you die and maybe your girl dies?
I might be lackadaisical.
hmm? But that's not a tough call.
Walk.
Please. Mr. Gordon.
just let me live.
I'll do whatever you say.
I'll be your slave for life.
Listen to me. there's a
war coming. a terrible war.
Falcone is losing his grip.
and his rivals are hungry.
There will be chaos. rivers of
blood in the streets. I know it.
I can see it coming.
I'm clever that way.
And I can help you.
- I can be a spy...
- Shut up!
Turn around.
For God's sake. have mercy.
Don't ever come back to Gotham.
Attaboy.
Oh. my God. James.
I've been so worried.
What happened to you?
Hey! Master Bruce! Get
your bloody ass down off there!
How many times have I told you?
Why were you up on the roof?
I'm learning to conquer fear.
Fear doesn't need conquering.
Fear tells you where the
edge is. Fear is a good thing.
And you think I haven't
told him that. do you?
You came here for a reason. I imagine.
- Yes.
Mario Pepper didn't
kill your parents.
He was framed by the police
department and the mob working together.
We killed an innocent man.
Right.
So who did it. then?
I don't know. ALFRED: I see.
Well. sterling work
there. then. mate.
Yes. I'm sorry.
Don't be.
I'm glad he's still alive.
I wanna see him again.
Bruce. I'm asking you to
give me a second chance.
I'm going to find out who
killed your parents and why.
And I'm gonna clean up the
damn police department if I can.
But I can only do
that from the inside.
So I'm asking you to stay
silent about what I've told you.
Your call.
Right. well. that's sort
of convenient. isn't it?
Alfred!
Thank you.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org